update documentation (#8)
patchlevel/event-sourcing-bundle: README.md

        $repository: '@event_sourcing.profile_repository'
```

### Enable migrations

> You can use doctrine migration to create and update the event store schema. You only need to install following package `doctrine/migrations`.
> After it you has some new cli commands like `event-sourcing:migration:diff` and `event-sourcing:migration:migrate`.
> You can also change the namespace and the folder in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use doctrine migration to create and update the event store schema. For that you need to install the following package `doctrine/migrations`.
After it's installed you will have some new cli commands: `event-sourcing:migration:diff` and `event-sourcing:migration:migrate`. With these you can create new migrations files as an diff and execute these.
You can also change the namespace and the folder in the configuration.
```
